Oh, shit!
Oh, fuck!
This the line
for There Will Be Buns?
You know it.
Any idea how long
the wait's supposed to be?
Uh, they said
about two hours.
Wow. That's a long time
to wait for cinnamon buns.
Is this your first bun?
They're incredible.
I'm actually not
that big on sweets.
Then why are you here?
Oh, I'm on TaskSergeant.
I'm actually getting paid to
wait in line for someone else.
Hmm, that...
sucks ass.
Did you go to college?
Uh, yeah, I went to college.
Then why are you
a laundryman?
I'm not a laundryman.
I'm doing TaskSergeant.
Did you not do good
in college?
Hey. Yeah, I'm still
waiting on those buns.
They said it should probably
be another hour.
What do you want to be
when you grow up?
I want to be an archeologist.
You want me to tell you
how that's going to go?
You're going
to major in archeology,
and then you're going
to get out
and there's going to be
no archeology jobs.
I've been an adult
a long time.
You know how many
archeologists I've met?
Zero.
Okay, Arnold, meet...
your new desk.
So now you got no job,
a useless degree,
and a ton of debt.
What happens then?
Well, I hope you like it here,
'cause guess what?
You're moving back home!
You need some money.
So you start
doing TaskSergeant.
You take every part-time gig
you can get.
You're working all the time.
But you never have enough.
I know you got
a lot of big hopes.
I used to be
a little Indian kid, too.
But I got news for you,
little man.
The American dream is dead.
Yeah, I probably shouldn't
have said that stuff.
So sorry, guys.
- All out for the day.
- What?
I'm going to fuck this place
with one star.
Hey, it's Arj
from TaskSergeant.
Uh, I'm so sorry,
they actually sold out of buns.
Yeah, you won't get charged
for the buns,
but please don't
cancel the task.
'Cause then I don't get paid,
and, you know, I did
wait, like, two hours.
Okay. Thanks
for understanding. Bye.
- There are my buns!
- Hey.
Yo. Thank you so much.
- Sure.
- Ooh. The bag's still warm.
- Love it. See you soon.
- See ya.
Who's that guy?
How'd he get some buns?
He's one of our investors.
Canceled?
You said you weren't
going to do that!
Goddamn it, David H!
Fuck my life.
Hey. Can I talk
to you for a second?
- Sure.
- Elena from lumber.
Arj, floor associate.
Sometimes power tools.
Are you happy with
the work environment here?
No.
Exactly.
I mean, we know they can do
so much better here,
and that's why
I'm trying to start a union.
I'm just
working here part-time
- to save some money
and then I'm moving on.
- Okay.
Well, just because you're not
going to be somewhere forever
doesn't mean
you can't make it better.
Nothing ever changes.
So what's your answer?
Give up?
- I don't have an answer.
- Hmm.
Okay, Arj, floor associate,
best of luck to you.
Thank you.
Smelling good.
Oh. You guys are
out of suadero. Damn!
Suadero's my jam.
Um, okay.
Have a good night.
Hey. I got four.
You want some of mine?
- Yeah.
- All right.
Come over here,
Elena from lumber.
- You cool with these fixings?
- I am.
I went a little heavy
on the green sauce.
- Is that okay?
- That's always good.
So how you been sleeping, man?
You look a little tired.
Wow, thanks for noticing.
It's a new look
I'm going for.
Sorry.
Uh, no, I haven't been
sleeping that well.
- You got any tips?
- Actually, I do.
I've been using
sleep stories
- on my phone.
- Oh.
Pretty much I just
listen to this guy talk,
and he's so boring
that I just knock out.
- I gotta give it a try.
- Works every time.
So what do you do all day
when you're so well-rested?
- I make furniture.
- Oh.
Yeah, that's why I started
working at Hardware Heaven
so I can get some
of those discounts.
- Mmm.
- What about you?
What do you do?
Um, I'm an editor.
I edit documentaries,
things like that.
I love documentaries.
What you working on now?
Right now, I'm just
doing freelance stuff.
I'm hoping to get
another proper gig soon.
You'll get another one.
Keep your dreams alive.
I once dated a girl
that had that tattooed
on her lower back.
Oh, yeah?
Where is she now?
I think
she's dating this DJ.
Elena,
with the cinnamon bun guy?
Have you
ever been to a rave?
- No, I haven't.
- Don't take the drugs.
I think I'll just
take the drugs
and just not go to the rave.
- What about that option?
- Love that.
Hey,
how is the new apartment?
Um, it's cozy.
Great, great. I was
talking to Ayesha Auntie.
Your little cousin Naveen
got a really good job
with Microsoft.
He's making lot of money.
Good for Naveen.
Maybe he can help you
to get a job.
I'm an editor.
I work on documentaries.
What am I going
to do at Microsoft?
Maybe you can do a documentary
about Naveen.
He's very smart,
successful, well-dressed.
Okay. Um, well,
I'll think about it.
Welcome to Sleep Town,
the sleep assistance podcast.
Now, slowly feel
each part of your body
shutting down for the day.
Your feet, your lower legs,
your upper...
Want to hear the pod
with no ads?
Go to our channel
and subscribe now.
Get exclusive sleep stories,
meditations and more.
Only $5.99 a month.
All right. Everyone,
let's gather around.
And there he was,
this lost soul,
his head in his hands,
about to jump headfirst
into Niagara Falls.
As he lurked over the edge,
panic filled his eyes
as he thought,
"Oh, no. Is this the end?"
I put my arm on his shoulder
and said,
"Kenneth, I'm an angel.
"My name is Azrael.
I'm here to save you."
I showed him
what he had to live for.
Visions that reflected
the hope his life promised.
Cheering his son
at a soccer game,
holding his wife on the couch
on a lazy Sunday,
playing in the park
with his dog...
Shoelace.
"I see now that my life
was precious as it was.
"Thank you
for showing me my path.
"You are a special angel."
Martha?
Yes, Gabriel.
Is there any way I can
have more meaningful
duties like Azrael?
I want to guide people,
I want to change their lives,
I want to save a lost soul.
To save a lost soul,
you have to find a lost soul.
Finding a lost soul
is not easy, Gabriel.
And showing them a path is...
Is incredibly difficult.
But I saw a person today.
His job is waiting in line.
He's ready to give up
on his life.
But that's not your task,
is it, Gabriel?
How's the texting
and driving going?
It's a lot.
People really love doing it.
What do you have this week?
Um, I'm supposed to save
a woman named Elena,
who works at a place
called Hardware Heaven.
She almost backs
into a telephone pole.
But you're not going to let
that happen, are you?
No, I'm not.
One step at a time.
Yeah. Uh...
Customer service
needed in plumbing.
♪ Round and round ♪
♪ Up and down ♪
♪ Through the streets
of your town ♪
Lot's for
customers only, sir.
You can't sleep here.
I know. I was just
about to go get some groceries.
Really? Looks like
you covered up your windows
and went to sleep.
I know that's what
it looks like, but...
Don't let me catch you
out here again.
Okay.
♪ And don't the sun
look good today? ♪
♪ Shine ♪
♪ But the rain is on its way ♪
♪ Watch the butcher shine
his knives ♪
Yo, Arj, my Indian brother.
What's going on, man?
Hey, what's up, Leonard?
You know, you don't have
to mention I'm Indian
every time you say hi.
Oh, my bad.
You Pakistani?
Just forget about it.
- Uh, you good?
- Yo, quick favor.
You got some toothpaste
I could borrow? I'm all out.
Uh, yeah.
- Here you go.
- Oh, thanks.
Oh, you don't have the one
with the little whitening
crystals, do you?
I got a big date tonight.
No, sorry. What's up
with this big date?
Oh, yo, this girl Susan,
she works at the CVS
up in Burbank.
I asked, I said,
"Yo, why you smell
like blueberries?"
And now,
we're going on a date.
- That worked?
- Hell, yeah.
Dude, girls love it
when you know smells.
That shows you notice things.
Try it.
Go up to a girl
and be like, "Yo, girl,
you smell like a new car."
'Cause that's
everyone's favorite smell.
Well, why didn't you tell Susan
she smelled like a new car?
'Cause she smelled
like blueberries.
Yep, that makes sense.
I'll see you later, Leonard.
Just give me
the toothpaste tomorrow.
Yo, later, man.
♪ Oh, I need, ooh ♪
♪ Oh, I need, ooh-ooh ♪
♪ Oh-oh, I-I need, ooh ♪
♪ Oh, I need, ooh ♪
♪ Oh, I need ♪
♪ Brighter days ♪
Arj?
Uh, yeah. I'm here
to clean out the garage.
Nice, nice.
I'm Jeff. A plej.
Wait.
Were you at There Will Be Buns
the other day?
Yeah, love that place.
- Line's pretty
brutal though, huh?
- I hope so.
I'm an investor,
so we likes a long line.
My buddy, David Haberman,
you know what he does?
He pays a guy to wait in line
for him. You should try that.
Mmm. That's a good idea.
Garage is this way. How long
you been doing TaskSergeant?
Uh, a few months.
Oh, got to say, they've
been a lifesaver for me.
My assistant left
a little while ago.
Whoa.
Is that a real 930?
The Widowmaker, right?
Uh, honestly, I have no idea.
I've never even driven it.
- I can't drive stick.
- What? You got to learn.
I will.
But first, the garage.
So, I need
all this stuff put in these
plastic containers here,
and I'd love it if you could
breathe some new life
into these pool floaties.
I miss this T. rex.
He's my boy.
- I got to head back
to the cold plunge.
- What's that?
It's like a really freezing
cold tub of water,
and I sit in there
for three minutes,
and then I run to my sauna
for 15 minutes,
and then I go back
and forth four times.
It's supposed to be very good
for your circulation.
Does it work?
Honestly, I have no idea.
Uh, if you need me,
just knock on the sauna.
All right.
Okay, let's get cold.
Fuck!
Oh, thank God.
Time to plunge.
Oh, come on.
Boom.
Holy fuck!
Look how clean my garage is.
- Five stars, man.
- Thanks.
Sorry. I got a bit peckish
while you were in there.
You want some burrata?
You a burrata boy?
Uh, not really familiar.
You're shitting me!
Dude, you got to try it.
- It's the best.
- All right.
- Goddamn!
- Yeah!
- That is some creamy cheese.
- It's good shit, right?
Yeah. I guess
I am a burrata boy.
Welcome to the club.
All right, man,
thank you. Really.
Yeah.
Um, so are you looking
for an assistant?
I am.
Would you ever consider me?
I mean, we just met,
and, you know,
I got a lot going on
in my life.
Yeah, like what?
My current to-do list?
Uh, fix my pool heater,
get new house slippers,
get a disco floor
for my party,
and find a shaman to take me
on an ayahuasca journey.
It really runs the gamut,
but I can do it.
You know what?
I really like your vibe.
And I am very digging
this initiative that
you're showing right now.
Why don't we do
a one-week trial,
see how it goes?
- I'm in.
- Nice!
Burrata boys for life!
Well, for one week.
If that goes well,
then for life.
Yo!
Hey.
Ayahuasca, I can get you in
with a shaman named Tammy.
I know it doesn't sound
too shaman-y,
but apparently,
she's George Clooney's shaman.
Ooh, he seems very zen.
Yeah, book Tammy.
All right.
Jeff is in.
Uh-huh.
No, the non-alcoholic
beverage space is exploding.
Yeah, uh,
that sounds good. Yeah.
Just send me the deck.
I'll check it out tomorrow.
Thank you.
Did you salt
the rim on this?
What are you, a magician?
Uh, disco floor,
I found these
super chill Armenian brothers.
They can do it. They just need
to know how big a space it is.
Uh, it's that
whole room in there.
Oh, whoa. You're having
a disco floor in your house?
Yeah, it's, uh...
My 40th is coming up,
so I'm gonna blow it out
a little bit.
I've been working with this
dance choreographer, Shabier.
He's teaching me
a whole routine
- and everything.
- Nice.
Right, so you go
arm then back.
- Yeah.
- And then one.
Yo, Arj, Arj,
will you film this
in case I want
to watch it back later?
- Yep. I got you.
- Awesome.
- Okay. From arms.
- Ready?
Yeah, from arms, you go,
you, everybody, in,
- love!
- Yeah! That was awesome!
- You got that?
- Yeah, yeah.
My friends are
gonna freak out.
I know you've been looking
for something special
for your 40th.
I think
I found the watch.
Check out
this case-back engraving.
Oh, "Pretty Baby."
I love that.
- How much is Pretty Baby?
- $250K.
Let's do it.
Jeff, pool guy can come
fix the heater next week.
Perfect.
So, besides that, you just
have that Zoom in ten minutes.
Oh, great.
Um, two things for you.
You got a parking ticket.
- I put it downstairs
in the kitchen.
- Ugh.
And I got you
a company credit card
for, you know,
expenses and stuff.
Whoa. "Sauna Boss LLC."
The one and only.
- Can I ask you something?
- Yeah.
What the fuck do you do?
Oh. Um, I run a VC firm.
Uh, we invest
in smaller companies,
I serve on the board
and consult for them.
Foodzr,
that food delivery app,
- that's one of ours.
- Ah.
Uh, those, like, kiosks
you see at the airport
that sell headphones,
those are ours.
We make a shit ton
off of those.
Nice. And how did
you get into that?
Me and my friends,
we started this thing
with cell phone towers,
that did well.
We took that money,
we put it into this tech thing,
that did really well.
- And now, here we are.
- Here we are.
Hey, how's it going?
I was about to head over
to pick you up. All good?
Hey.
Look, I'm not one to flake,
but I was...
I was driving
my cousin's car,
and I was trying
to send somebody a video
of this dog doing backflips,
and I backed
into a telephone pole.
I'm totally fine, but I should
probably deal with this.
Oh, no, I'm so sorry.
That sounds really annoying
and kinda cute.
Be careful
texting and driving.
I will. Is there any way
we could do another day?
- Like, tomorrow even?
- Of course.
Okay. See you
tomorrow then. Bye.
Bye.
Your session is complete.
See if you can bring
some of this mindfulness
into the rest of your day.
Meditation over!
Did you finish unpacking
all those clothes I got?
Yeah, almost.
Love this guy.
Yeah, that's fresh, huh?
- Yeah.
- So...
let me show you something
real quick, okay?
Sure.
So...
God forbid,
any shit goes down,
just want you to know
I have a gun.
It's in this drawer
right here.
Here's the safe.
The code is 1244.
Whoa.
I'm not a big gun guy.
I'll probably just hide,
if that's okay.
Hey, I'm not
a big gun guy, either,
but there was, like,
a bunch of home invasions
in the neighborhood
and I got spooked.
So, Maurice,
he's my gun trainer,
he says if someone's
in your home,
the most important thing is
do not hesitate.
You shoot first,
and you ask questions later.
They could be on meth
or something, you don't know.
Troubling times, my friend.
Oh, also, I need you
to call Dunsmoor
and make me
a dinner reservation
for Friday night.
Just tell Mattias
I'm coming in.
He'll give me a nice table
at the bar.
Um, sure.
Oh, by the way,
I was gonna ask,
I actually got a date tonight,
is it all right
if I head out after this?
Yeah. You got a hot date?
What's the plan?
Uh, something low-key.
Probably go get tacos.
Tacos? What?
Do you not like this girl?
Yeah, I like this girl.
Do you not like tacos?
How did you guys
meet each other?
Mmm, we kinda met
at a taco place.
And you're going
for more tacos?
That's too many tacos, man.
That's
an all-taco relationship.
- It's a lot.
- Yeah. Yo, go to Dunsmoor.
That's nice.
She'll like that.
- It's not too pricey, is it?
- No, no, no, not at all.
And make sure you get
the ribeye, it's great.
So let's talk
about the ensemble.
Is this what we're, uh,
wearing on our date?
The coffee stain
and all that?
I guess.
My little jacket.
I got this little jacket.
I bought it a while ago,
and I haven't returned it.
It's a little teensy on me,
but it could be
perfect on you.
Yeah, you can borrow it
for the date.
All right.
- Yeah.
- Ooh, it's nice!
Like a glove.
I feel like Kevin James
in Hitch.
That makes me Hitch in Hitch.
Hah. He's a cool guy.
Thank you.
- I like your jacket.
- Oh, thanks.
- You look very nice, too.
- Thanks.
Um, I'm so glad
we did this.
- Me, too.
- Yeah.
At first,
I kinda hated you.
- What? What did I do?
- Yeah.
I mean, you were
just so, like,
"I don't believe in much."
I... Oh, come on.
- I didn't talk like that.
- Yeah. You did.
"Oh, I don't know."
- No. Come on.
- You did. Yeah, that was you.
And now, look at you.
Hey, guys,
how are we tonight?
- Hey, how are you?
- Good, thank you.
Thank you. So what are we
thinking food-wise?
My friend said
we definitely have
to get a ribeye.
It does
look very good.
Oh, it's a signature dish.
They grill it right
on the fire. It's so good.
- All right.
- Cool.
- Thanks.
- So we usually say about three
to four plates per person.
- All right.
Everything is shared,
family style.
And we have
some amazing wines,
if you want to talk
to our sommelier about it.
- Okay.
- Cool.
- I'll give you guys a minute.
- Thanks.
Welcome.
I am so good
without the ribeye.
Yeah, it's a big steak.
Maybe we do the trout.
- Trout sounds perfect.
- Yeah.
I'm actually super easy,
and they said everything's
meant to be shared.
- So let's share.
- Yeah. Let's share,
- family style.
- Yeah.
It's a small family,
just the two of us.
No kids.
I'm telling you,
I used to kill it in
my school talent shows.
Really?
What was your talent?
Singing, dancing, everything.
- Oh. What'd you sing?
- Mmm.
Hey, team. Here's the bill
whenever you're ready.
- Thanks.
- You're welcome.
Wow. We should
definitely split this.
No, no, no. I'll get it.
- You sure?
- Yeah, yeah.
Don't worry about it.
My treat.
Thank you.
This was...
This was so lovely.
Hey, Arj?
Hey. You get my email?
Are you all set
for ayahuasca tonight?
Yeah. Um...
Did you use my card
to buy yourself dinner
last night?
I... I talked to your
accountant about that.
I... I'm gonna pay you back
right away.
I just got in a little bit
of a jam at Dunsmoor,
and the waitress recommended
an expensive bottle of wine.
I didn't know what to do.
- You can't do that.
- I totally get that.
It won't happen again.
And I'm gonna pay you back
as soon as I can.
I'm really sorry.
Um, we need to stop
working together, unfortunately.
- Really?
- Yeah.
I mean, I'm gonna
pay you back, man.
You told me to go there.
You said it wasn't pricey.
Just don't
make it weird, okay?
Just, thank you for everything,
and I'm really sorry.
Um, I'm sorry, too.
"Currently full"?
- Have you
done this before?
- No.
Whole process takes
about an hour and a half
to two hours.
Tonight,
we're gonna be working
with magic mushrooms
and ayahuasca.
All right, the needle's
gonna go right here.
Yo.
Get your lil' ass up.
You can't be sleeping
in no Denny's, man.
- I'm sorry.
- And them outlets are off.
You ain't getting no juice
to your phone.
Hey!
Did you see a Golf
parked out here?
The one with the duct tape
on the bumper?
- Yeah.
- It got towed.
Towed? Why'd it get towed?
I don't know.
Am I dressed like a cop
or a guy that works at Denny's?
Denny's.
Parking tickets.
Yeah, that'll do it.
They gonna charge you for
the tickets and for the tow.
I'm sorry.
If I knew your night
was going like this,
I'd have let you sleep
some more, man.
His head's in his hands.
I knew it.
A lost soul.
Arj, I'm an angel.
My name is Gabriel.
I'm here to save you.
What?
Who the fuck are you?
How do you know my name?
Maybe you don't understand.
I'm an angel.
See the wings?
I've been observing you.
I know all about you.
I know you're living
in your car.
I know you lost
your job with Jeff.
- What?
- I even know that right now
there's a part
of you that thinks
your life
isn't worth living.
But it's not true.
You have so much
to live for.
Let me show you.
Holy shit!
What happened?
What is this?
Where are we?
Visions that reflect the hope
your life promises.
I know you've been having
trouble finding work now,
but look.
I get a job driving one
of those delivery trucks?
- Yes.
- Hey, Arj.
Don't forget
your pee bottle, bro.
Why do I need
a pee bottle?
Your deadlines
are very strict
and you don't have time
for bathroom breaks.
Hence the pee bottle.
Okay.
But wait, there's more.
I know you're living
in your car now, but look.
Elena and I
move in together?
Um, technically, you both
move in with her mom.
Elena, Darryl and Mercedes
are coming over again.
So could you two sleep
in the living room?
And fold the couch bed up
in the morning, please.
Yes, yes, Ma.
Hey, has anyone seen
my air fryer? I can't find it.
For the millionth time, Jay,
I didn't use your air fryer.
I'm just eating spaghetti,
minding my business.
Fuck it.
Who's that guy?
It's her sister
Patrice's on-and-off-again
boyfriend, Jay.
- They live here, too.
- Arj,
have you been
using my body wash?
I'm missing some body wash.
Seems a bit crowded.
But you both
eventually get steady jobs
and move to Texas.
Hey.
So what'd they say?
He's gonna have
to have the surgery.
Okay, how much is it?
We can't afford it.
Then what's gonna
happen to Dapper?
Does that mean
we're gonna have to...
Oh.
Oh, no.
I'm so sorry, buddy.
We have to put
the dog to sleep?
Yes.
Let's maybe
get out of here.
That's what I have
to live for?
Yeah. What's wrong?
Why are you so upset?
Because my life sucks!
I mean, it's not the
worst life in the world,
but damn, man.
Pee bottle? Dead dog?
I did everything
I was supposed to do,
and nothing's working out.
I'm going to be honest
with you, Arj.
I'm not really supposed
to be doing this.
What does that mean?
I'm overstepping
my bounds as an angel.
Do you see how my wings
are kind of small?
I wasn't gonna
say anything,
but yeah,
they're on the tinier side.
It means I'm lower order.
I'm normally only in charge
of saving people
from texting and driving.
Wait. You're telling me I have
a budget guardian angel?
Kinda.
I'm just trying
to help you.
I want you to have hope.
I need to show you
that your life is precious,
that it's worth living.
My life isn't precious.
My life is just in the service
of people like Jeff,
the people
who actually get to live
and go on vacations
and do cold plunges.
You think Jeff's life is
the life that's worth living?
Maybe I can show you
that that life
is not all
it's cracked up to be.
Sir?
Sir, are you okay?
What?
You must've fallen asleep
in your car.
Yeah, I fell asleep.
No problem.
Get home safe, okay?
Okay.
Good morning, Arj.
Would you like to go home?
Navigating to home.
Estimated drive time,
one hour and ten minutes.
Jeff?
Yo!
I was just upstairs unloading
some packages that came in.
Those house slippers
you wanted arrived.
They're very cool.
- What are you doing?
- Nothing.
You good?
You need anything?
- No, I'm good.
- All right.
Uh, I'm gonna
go finish up.
Just let me know
if you want anything, okay?
- Uh, hey, Jeff.
- Yeah?
Whose house is this?
Your house.
Enjoying your new life?
What's happened?
You wanted to have wealth
and success, here you go.
Take a good look around,
see if Jeff's life is
all it's cracked up to be.
I'll check in on you,
and at the end of the week,
we'll assess.
- But I'm still me?
- Yes.
Your name is Arj,
you look like you,
but everything else
is Jeff's life.
Both the good
and the bad.
What happened to Jeff?
He has your life.
He thinks he's you.
So he's my assistant?
Yes.
So he has to do
whatever I ask him to do?
Yes.
If I'm hungry
and I want a snack?
He'll get it for you.
Hey, Jeff!
Chips and guac
coming right up.
My man!
I'm just gonna
head upstairs to your room,
and finish unpacking
those clothes.
All right, cool.
Enjoying the pool?
Gabriel, the angel!
Can Jeff see you?
No, only you can see me.
Ah. Well, I got to say,
so far, this is great.
You want to hit the pool?
Pop on some trunks?
Hey, Arj, uh,
just reminding you,
you got this meeting
coming up.
You should probably
get ready to go soon.
Meeting?
I don't know
anything about his work.
What am I gonna say?
You wanted to see
what this life is like.
Time to get to work,
Mr. Mogul.
- That's for you.
- Oh, God.
There we go,
bon appe-fucking-tit.
Oh, my God!
- This sushi's insane!
- So sick, right?
They fly the fish in
from Japan every morning.
Very high carbon footprint.
- That's awesome.
- Yeah.
Yo, did you check out
that launch proposal
I sent over
for the event next week?
What'd you think
about that?
Uh...
"Uh..."
Looked good, I guess.
Yeah? Great.
All right. Well, yeah,
that's all the business
we had to get to today.
So, what the fuck? How's life?
Uh, same old. Just working,
cold plunging. You?
Work has been crazy, man.
I had to fire one
of my assistants, Darren.
- Oh.
- Yeah, he's a sweetheart.
But I had this big event
in New York last week
and I put him
in charge of vibes.
And then I get there,
and the vibes are
just super off.
- Hate that.
- Yeah.
- Wrong kind of candles.
- Oh.
He didn't tag
the liquor sponsor
in the media posts.
- No!
- The event was off a cliff.
- The vibes were just tanked.
- What was the scent
he was supposed to get
and what did he grab instead?
He was supposed
to get sandalwood.
- He got vetiver.
- Ugh!
Whole place
smelled like shit.
Those aren't the same smells.
- Everybody at the event
must've been furious.
- Yeah.
But you know
what though, dude?
I've been reading a lot about,
like, empathy and forgiveness
in this new Jay Shetty book,
so blessings to Darren.
Ah, thank you.
Hey, let me get this.
Dude, no. Put it
on the company.
It was a "business lunch"
after all, right?
Oh, yeah.
Why would we pay?
This was the best lunch
I've ever had!
Thank you. All right,
we got to go, though.
I got to hit the cardio store,
get a couple nibbles.
Excuse me, sir.
Oh, hi.
Can I help you?
Yeah, I'm Grant. You called me
to check out the pool heater.
Ooh, that's right.
What's the deal?
So, bad news,
the heater's busted.
Probably gonna have
to replace it.
Probably like 30K
for the heater,
another five
for the install.
Okay.
Problems with your home?
Some pretty serious expenses.
Must be inconvenient.
Good thing I got
a shit ton of money
to cover any and all problems
that come my way.
See you later, Gabe.
I'm off to the sauna.
♪ There is something ♪
So she doesn't
remember me at all?
This version of you
didn't exist until today.
So you'll have
to reintroduce yourself.
♪ ...that I want to know ♪
Okay.
Elena from lumber.
Uh, yeah.
You helped me find some lumber
one time. It was very helpful.
Oh, well,
I'm glad it worked out.
How's it going
over there?
In lumber?
It's good.
I'm glad. I was just over
in plumbing, it's a shit show.
I'm Arj.
Nice to meet you, Arj.
♪ If you wanna funk,
let me show you how ♪
♪ Do you wanna funk with me? ♪
Do we have any thoughts
food-wise?
Uh, I mean, we were
looking at the ribeye.
- It does look very good.
- Let's do it.
This wine is drinking great.
And this food
is eating great.
Be careful. You gonna
give me gout tonight.
It has been such a pleasure
serving you guys.
Uh, dinner's on us tonight.
- What?
- No.
- What? What?
- Yes.
Oh, no.
Fascinating couple
of days, I imagine.
Hey, what's up?
You need something?
I'm kinda busy
ordering clothes.
So, what are you thinking?
The week is over,
are you ready to go back?
Go back?
What do you mean?
Don't you see what's special
about your life as it was?
You see how superficial
a life of wealth and success
ultimately is?
No.
But have you really reflected
on your experience?
Are you nuts?
I was living in my car!
Now I'm living
in this giant house.
I can buy whatever I want,
do whatever I want.
But what about your job?
What about Elena?
What about the pool heater?
Who gives a fuck
about the pool heater?
I show you something
to make you realize
your life is precious.
You see it and you go back.
You can't just stay.
So it's all over?
You're gonna make me go back?
No, I can't do that.
So if I want to stay,
I can just stay?
- Yes.
- I have to want to go back?
- That's right.
- Then I don't want to go back.
But you can't do that!
- You just said I could.
- Shucks.
You guided someone?
Gabriel, you're not
supposed to talk to people
or be visible.
- I know that.
- Then why did you do this?
He was a lost soul.
I tried to show him
that wealth wouldn't
solve all his problems.
And?
It seems to have solved
most of his problems.
Gabriel, you were
supposed to help Elena.
What you've done has
really changed things.
She had to cancel
her date with Arj
and that set off
a chain reaction.
The date went differently,
Arj lost his job,
and that's
what's led us here.
You have to get Arj
to go back.
And until you do,
I have to take your wings.
Oh, man.
Turn around.
♪ Ow! Baby! ♪
My guy!
Hey! Who wants
some fresh bubble?
Whoa!
Justin needs them bubs.
Elena needs some bubs.
Tell me what you think.
Be honest.
Don't lie to me,
don't lie to me.
How's it drinking?
- That's drinking nice.
- Yes.
Jeff! Come here, man.
Have some wine.
Have a little glass.
- Oh, wow. Thanks.
- Here, have some. Have fun.
- That's really good.
- Yeah.
I should get back
to cleaning up, though.
Good call.
Keep cleaning, Jeff.
Hey!
It's Gabriel!
Gabriel, the angel.
- Where's your little wings?
- I lost them.
Ooh. You've been a bad boy.
So no wings,
what does that mean?
People can see me,
I have less powers.
- It's very embarrassing.
- Uh-oh.
Listen, I know
you like this life,
but may I pose a question?
Is this fair to Jeff?
Jeff? Jeff's chilling.
Is he?
What are you doing?
Why am I holding
my own trash?
Why are you in my clothes?
What's happening right now?
What did you do to me?
- Oh, no.
- What happened?
I gave him his memory back,
but I think he may
have went into shock.
Is he dead?
No. Definitely not.
Oh, shit,
some dude just died.
Let's bounce.
He's not dead!
I hope not.
I did not know you were
struggling to the point
that you needed
divine intervention.
But you got
to switch back, man!
Give me my life back.
So, what? I just go back
to living in my car?
- You lived in your car?
- Yes, Jeff, I did.
Why do you think
an angel got involved?
'Cause I had
too many roommates?
Okay, that's bad.
And I acknowledge that.
So here's
what I'm going to do.
If you switch back
right now,
I'm going
to give you $200,000.
You spend more than
that on one of your watches!
You're lowballing me
on your existence?
You live in your car!
I thought that'd be
a lot to you.
- I don't know.
- How greedy are you, man?
I'm not greedy!
It's an opening offer!
- That's how negotiations work.
- That's worth your entire life?
Counter! Make me an offer.
Time out, guys.
You can't do that, Jeff.
This is Arj's experience.
- You might not
remember anything.
- What?
Okay, how's this?
Switch back,
or you are evil,
and this angel man will
send you to Hell forever.
Smite him!
I can't send someone to Hell.
That's actually
not my department.
Good God, man,
you are very unhelpful!
Listen.
I drive around L.A.
I see the homeless,
houseless crisis
that has befallen us,
and I did not know that
you were a part of that,
and I don't want you to be.
But that being said,
I think stealing
my entire life
is a little bit harsh.
You're not
a bad person, Arj.
I know you don't
want to hurt Jeff
to have a good life.
- All right, I'll switch back.
- Yeah! Fuck yeah!
- But I want a few days.
- For what?
To do some fun shit, okay?
Come on, a few days.
Jeff?
You know what?
If that's what
you feel you need,
I will do that.
- Okay.
Okay.
So in the meantime,
can I get a few grand
so I can get, like,
a hotel room and shit?
Yeah, yeah,
let's get you a nice suite
at the Chateau Marmont.
Or how about get fucked!
You fired me
'cause I put, like, $300
on your credit card!
Why don't you tough it out
for a few days?
I see
what's happening here.
Eat the rich, am I right?
You think
'cause I'm a tech bro,
I can't live your life
for a little while?
I can live your life
in my sleep.
I came from nothing.
I'm self-made.
You came from nothing?
Oh, I came from very,
very humble beginnings.
What'd your parents do?
My father was
an orthopedic surgeon,
and my mother
practiced law.
- Hmm.
- At a pretty big firm.
Hmm.
But that is not
the money that I got
for my cell phone
tower thing.
That came from
my grandfather,
who owned newspapers.
You know what?
Enjoy the fruits
of my hard work.
I'll be out there
just fine!
Okay.
Well, what are
you going to do?
I'm going to give you
some space
and see you
in a few days.
Bye.
Hey, Jeff?
So, um, since I lost my wings,
I need a place to stay.
Can I move in with you?
I mean, I'm living in this
yucky little motel now.
What, are we going
to share a bed?
I'll go under the covers
and you go over.
Or I'll go over
and you go under.
Whichever you prefer.
What do you say?
Roomies?
I'll be right down.
So, like,
could you fly?
Uh, no.
My wings were too small.
Well, it's not
the size of the wing.
- Actually, it is.
- Oh, that's too bad.
Hello?
Checkout time.
One second.
Hello?
Uh, checkout time.
I don't want to check out.
I would like to stay here.
You want to stay,
you pay money.
- How much money?
- $125.
I don't have
that much money right now.
If no have, you check out.
How about I pay you
by tonight? Is that okay?
- Okay.
- Thank you.
We need to find a way
to make some money.
Here you go.
Hey, is there any update
on the huevos rancheros
for Alex?
Um, gonna be another 15.
Fifteen minutes?
- I don't know, man.
- I'm double parked over here!
You hear these honks?
These honks are for me!
Order for Alex.
Thank you. What happened
to 15 minutes?
What do
you want me to say?
- I hate my life.
- Thank you.
Come on! You can't
double park! Let's go!
- One second.
- Get a pet-sitting job!
- Sorry! Okay.
- Let's go, go, go!
Oh, my God.
Shit.
Oh, shit!
You hit a car.
I know I hit a car,
I can see that!
I'm used
to my normal car's cameras
and sensors and shit,
it beeps.
I need the beeps!
"Pizza was yummy.
Five stars!"
Nice!
They tipped you $1.15.
Dicks!
Jeff, Renee's getting antsy
about her poke bowl.
Yeah, tell her
it's on the way.
Why does she need
this poke bowl so soon?
Let's pick up some
pad Thai for Martin.
Can I use
your restroom real quick?
Drivers can't
use the bathroom.
Great, thanks.
Order up!
I'm ready for my food.
Oh, you got to be
fucking kidding me.
You're serving this thing
before me?
This is how the robots win,
you know.
Jeff, Ashley's wondering
where the rigatoni is.
Yeah, well, tell Ashley
they gave her rigatoni
to the last guy
and then they gave me
chicken parm,
and now I got to go back
to the place
to get her rigatoni
while they make
a whole new rigatoni.
Just tell her
it'll be there soon.
Look out!
I'm coming through.
♪ But I don't know
what it is ♪
♪ 'Cause everybody's
happy nowadays... ♪
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Where's the extra ranch, homie?
Oh, uh, I don't,
like, pack the bags.
I just deliver them, so...
Okay, but I can't
eat this amount of wings
with this amount of ranch.
You understand?
I agree that's not
enough ranch,
but I don't know
what to tell you.
Okay, well, one ranch,
one star, bitch.
Please don't do that!
Fuck!
We made
enough money, right?
Yeah, definitely.
As long as this lady
lets us pay by phone,
we're good.
No.
No, no, no, no, no!
I don't get paid
till the end of the week?
Don't these shitheads know
I need this money now?
You know, with all
we spent on gas,
we actually lost money today.
Where are we going to sleep?
Let's focus on the positives
about the car.
It's tight on space,
but since we've got
separate seats,
it's like we each have
our own little beds.
Maybe we could put
a little curtain up
in between for privacy.
Could be cute.
No.
No curtain, okay.
But will you promise
to think about it?
Yeah, okay,
I'll think about it.
You look stunning.
You look ravishing.
Listen, I have
a crazy question for you.
Do you want to go
to Paris this weekend?
What?
Like "Paris" Paris?
- This weekend?
- Yeah.
I actually have, uh...
the union meeting.
I can't.
But is there any way
we can go another time?
Uh, it kinda has
to be this weekend.
Why's it got to be
this weekend?
I can't really explain,
but it just does.
Could you blow off
the union thing?
It took so long to get
everybody to believe
in this thing, I...
I don't want them
to think I'm not serious.
- What is that noise?
- It's...
It's frustration
'cause there's this
one version of our lives
where we both go
to Paris this weekend,
we have
this amazing time together.
And instead,
you got to stay here
and fight for better
working conditions
at Hardware Heaven.
And that sucks.
Why does it suck?
It's my life.
- I didn't mean it that way.
- No. I think you did.
I get it.
We live
two different lives.
I live in my design studio
and sleep on a futon
and you sleep here.
But this is my life,
and I have to fight for it
whether you think it's
worth fighting for or not.
- Elena, I...
- No.
Save it.
I'm going to go home.
Got some snacks!
We have a problem.
- What?
- It's Arj.
I spoke with a colleague.
He had an accident.
He's in a coma.
He's in a coma?
What happened to him?
He was texting and driving.
What?
I... I thought that was
your whole thing,
to not let that happen!
I'm here.
I couldn't save him.
So what happens now?
We have to wait
till he gets out of the coma.
He has to be the one
who wants to switch.
I agreed to switch lives
with him for a few days
out of the kindness
of my heart
so he could have some fun.
This cannot be the deal!
I cannot be like this
any longer!
I don't like it!
You go talk
to your angel friends,
and you fix this.
You fix this for me, okay?
- I will.
- Thank you!
Gabriel.
You've been let go.
What? I'm fired?
This is too big a mess
you've created.
What happens to me?
You live out this life
as a human.
There must be another way.
If Arj decides
to switch back
and have hope for his life,
then you and Jeff are fine.
But until then,
you're human.
I already feel it.
I'm perspiring.
I... I need deodorant.
And my stomach
feels strange.
I think...
I'm hungry?
How will I know
when I'm done chewing?
Oh, you've never eaten
anything before, huh?
Um, you know,
I think you'll just know.
What if I choke?
I've seen it happen a lot.
Just eat
the hamburger, okay?
- Wow.
- Yeah?
This is nice.
It's like nothing
I've experienced.
Yeah, man.
No? Have a chicken nuggie.
There you go!
It happened, see?
Instinct kicked in.
- Oh.
- Yeah!
- I like this even more.
- Yeah.
- Have some milkshake.
- Mmm.
Wow.
Jeff, could you imagine
seeing strawberries
for thousands of years
but never actually knowing
the sweet taste enclosed
in those magical berries?
I can't imagine.
And in all fairness,
that's a chocolate milkshake.
What are we going to do, Jeff?
I'm scared.
We don't have any money,
and I'm already
perspiring a lot.
So I looked up online
how long the average coma lasts.
Two weeks.
Not that bad, you know.
So we just got to make
enough money to last
until this guy wakes up.
Tomorrow, I'll go
to my old office.
I know everything
about all the companies
they've invested in.
So, I'll give them
some insight
that makes me look
like a financial genius.
They'll hire me on the spot.
It'll be enough money
for both of us.
We'll be out
of that motel tomorrow.
There you go.
There you go!
You're a big boy, huh?
Yeah, I'm a big boy.
You sure are.
Let go of me!
Did you get the job?
Does it look like
I got the job?
No!
They accused me
of hacking into their files,
and then they basically
threatened to kill me.
- Oh, no.
- Yeah.
Chicken nuggie?
Yes, of course I respect
patient confidentiality.
I just need to know,
do you have
any Indian dudes there
that are in a coma?
Yes, I've actually
called many times.
Hello? Hello?
I don't think
they're going to tell me
any more information
about this.
It's been three weeks,
I've applied
for one million jobs.
I either
don't hear back at all
or it's a scam
where people just want me
to send them pictures
of my feet.
Are you listening
to me, Gabriel?
Sorry. The Internet
is amazing, Jeff.
I want
to help you find jobs,
but I also want to look
at photos of baby elephants.
Look at this guy,
bathing in a river.
His name's Oliver.
I cannot financially support
the both of us anymore.
You have to get
a job, Gabriel.
- A job?
- Yeah.
Wow.
Wonder what I want to be.
An architect, a scientist.
Maybe I want
to work with animals.
Oh.
Maybe I could work
with baby elephants.
Maybe.
But probably not.
Come on, Gabriel.
You need to move
more fast, please.
Do we do any other stuff
or is it just dishes
all night?
Just washing
dishes all night.
My first check.
Felipe, my first check.
Good, Gabe.
You're shitting me.
Felipe, there's something
wrong with my check!
What's wrong
with your check, Gabe?
There's not enough money.
Where's the money?
They're paying one number,
and then taking a lot of money
for all these other things.
Let me see, Gabe.
This money goes
to the local government,
federal government,
your insurance,
and your social security.
That's why it's less money.
I can't make enough money
to live off this.
You may need
to get another job.
Another job?
I wash dishes all the time.
When can I do another job?
I don't know.
I have three jobs.
- What?
- I work here,
I'm a mechanic,
and I do valet parking
at an escape room.
I thought a job gives me
enough money for all my things
and some extra money
to spend on fun stuff.
Sorry, Gabe.
This is how it is.
- How you feeling?
- I'm good.
It's a big day tomorrow.
Are you excited?
- Yeah. Ready to go home.
- That's good.
So, listen.
Since you've been here,
there have been two guys
who've been
asking around about you,
seemed a little bit shady.
One, curly hair,
pretty bland.
The other guy, long hair,
very attractive.
He's kinda like a bad boy,
but with a soft touch.
I know who you're
talking about.
- Yes, I know them.
- Maybe give them a call.
They seemed
pretty concerned.
You could give
the tall one my number.
That's fine with me.
Can I ask you something?
When people have
accidents like this, do...
Do they ever have
memory issues?
Where is this place?
"Stone Canyon Road"?
That's my address.
"Delivery for Arj"?
He's out of the coma.
He's out of the coma!
Jeff?
The fuck is he doing here?
He's my Foodzr driver?
Hey, thanks so much.
What is
happening right now?
You're out of the coma
and you're ordering ramen?
Why didn't you
phone me, Arj?
They said
this might happen.
Because of the coma,
I've been having
some memory issues.
I'm so sorry,
but I don't remember you.
You don't remember me?
The pamphlet.
Let me get you a pamphlet.
Here you go.
It's called
dissociative memory loss.
It's due to the medications
they were using to treat me
after the accident.
It was pretty serious
brain trauma.
Are you
fucking with me, man?
Do you actually
not remember me?
Maybe we can try
to jog my memory.
- What's your name?
- Jeff!
Uh, that's not
ringing a bell.
You don't know who I am?
If you read the pamphlet,
it could be very helpful.
"The duration
of memory loss can vary
"depending on the specific
cause of the coma.
"In some cases,
memory may improve
over time with treatment.
"In other cases,
memory loss...
"may be permanent."
Wow.
That's no bueno.
Did you just say,
"That's no bueno"?
No fucking shit,
it's no bueno!
It's muy, muy,
muy no bueno, Gabriel.
You know what?
I want to talk to God.
Get me God.
I want a meeting
with God right now.
That's above
my pay grade.
Well, then who's your boss?
Who do you work for?
Martha.
Martha?
You work for an angel
named Martha?
Martha.
What has happened
to you, Gabriel?
You've just given up.
You're smoking
cigarettes now?
Leave me alone, Jeff.
I like it. It's all I have.
Please don't
give up on me.
Do you want to wash dishes
and smoke cigarettes
or do you want
to get your wings back?
You can get them back, man.
I know you can. Just think!
His friend Elena.
She was the one I was
supposed to help originally,
but I didn't,
and she went off her path.
Maybe I can help her
get back on her path
and that'll help Arj
get back on his path.
And then he'll want
to switch back.
And then I'll get
my wings back.
And then you'll get
your life back!
That's what I want.
I knew you could do it, man!
Good job. You can
do this, Gabriel.
- Yes, yes.
- Hey, Gabriel,
what are you doing there?
Your break is over.
I need you, please.
- You need to come back
to the restaurant.
- Okay, Felipe.
I got to finish
my shift first.
Thanks, man.
That right there,
that's the truth.
I had a union
at my last job,
all they did was take money
out our checks,
ain't do nothing for us.
But, Kirby,
how could you say that
when that's not even us?
Sounds like
the same nonsense to me.
If that's not the truth,
what is?
The truth is that one
of our team members
had a panic attack
on the floor last week,
picking and choosing
which bills to pay,
worried about
getting evicted.
And I know
she's not the only one
that has to deal with this.
I mean, guys,
they're giving us
more and more
double shifts,
less training,
more responsibilities.
And what do we get for it?
Twenty-five cents a raise
and a pat on the back?
It is very possible for this
place to take care of itself
and the people in it,
but they keep giving us
less and less
because we're okay
taking crumbs.
So what's it going to be?
Are we going
to take the crumbs?
Or are we going
to fuck 'em up?
Yeah!
And you know what else?
Why do we need to give money
to taxes and social security?
That money needs
to go to fun stuff,
like chicken nuggies
and milkshakes.
Milkshakes are good,
chicken nuggies are good.
That's the truth.
And dogs.
I petted a dog
for the first time
the other day.
Maybe they need
to get benefits, too.
They give so much joy,
and what do they get?
A pat on the head
and a biscuit.
It's not enough!
We can do better.
And Hardware Heaven
can do better.
For us
and for the dogs.
Hey, brother.
What department
you work in?
Oh, I don't work here.
I'm a dishwasher
at an all-you-can-eat
Korean barbecue restaurant.
Am I not supposed
to be here?
Yes.
No.
You're okay, Gabe?
Hey, Felipe.
No, I'm not.
I'm just sad.
I messed things up.
That's why I got fired
from my last job.
What did you did?
I was an angel.
I saved people when they were
texting and driving.
Oh, cool, nice.
Come on, Gabriel.
Maybe you can
put your drink down.
You can't be like this.
What do you want?
I want my old job back.
I want to fix
what I messed up.
Then let's do it.
You're a handsome,
sweet man.
I believe in you,
but you're in a bad place.
We need
to boost your spirits.
What are you going to do
tonight after your shift?
I don't know. Why?
Let's go dancing.
What do I do?
Just follow me.
Have some tacos.
Wow!
You were
texting and driving.
What?
Hey, Gabriel, that's my wife.
Don't make me get a hose.
Calm down.
That's my viejo.
Thank you, Gabe.
Bye.
I saved her.
This motherfucker
stole my vacation.
I hope you're having fun.
"Dear valued
Foodzr associate,
"next week, we are shifting
to primarily robo delivery.
"Your rating does not
meet our threshold"?
"Your account is
terminated immediately."
Fuck!
- Jeff?
- Yeah!
What's wrong?
This is too hard, man.
Like, how do
people do this?
How is everyone
not just miserable
and angry all the time?
I don't even
have it that bad,
and I'm barely hanging on
by a thread here.
In my old life,
all I did was go on vacation,
and attend very, very easy
and pleasant Zoom meetings.
I want that back!
Shit, it's the pigs.
Just what we fucking need!
Explain to me
how I get my car back?
Go down to the impound lot,
pay all of your unpaid
parking tickets
and the impound fee.
Each day your car stays there,
impound fee goes up.
Great system. Thank you.
This same thing
happened to Arj.
What? What do you mean?
After you fired him,
he went to donate plasma
and then he passed out
at a Denny's,
and when he woke up,
his car was towed.
Weird.
What are we going to do?
I really don't know, man.
We have nowhere to live.
I have no job now.
We just really need
some money.
- What?
- Pretty Baby.
My watches.
We can get my watches!
- Your watches?
- Yeah!
Let's go!
What's going on here?
It's my birthday.
Oh.
Happy birthday.
No, it's Arj's
birthday now,
he stole
my 40th birthday party!
I don't even know
my birthday.
Are we still going to be able
to get the watches?
Yeah, he doesn't
remember who we are.
It's fine.
This is actually good.
I sneak upstairs.
I still remember the code
to the safe.
If I can get Pretty Baby,
we're set for life.
I still feel bad about
the stealing.
It's not stealing
because all this is mine!
Come on!
That's true.
Oh, you got
to be kidding me.
♪ Groove is in the heart ♪
He stole my routine!
This whole thing
was my idea!
♪ Groove is in the heart ♪
You did this.
You ruined my birthday.
Jeff, the watches.
Yeah, okay, okay.
There's some guys
guarding the stairs.
I'm going to do a lap,
try to wait them out,
maybe hit that buffet table.
He even stole my caterer!
Goddamn it.
Yeah, I'll be back.
You, you know,
do your thing. Blend in.
♪ I couldn't ask for another ♪
♪ No, I couldn't
ask for another ♪
♪ DJ Soul was on a roll ♪
♪ I've been told
he can't be sold ♪
♪ He's not vicious... ♪
She smelled
like blueberries.
I'll see you later,
Leonard.
His friend from the gym?
Hello! How are you?
I'm good.
It's not my
birthday, it's your birthday!
Arj's dad?
Come on, let's go!
Let's go! Let's go!
Jeff?
No, Tanner,
what the fuck are you doing?
Don't lean on the art, man!
This is someone's painting,
for Christ's sakes.
Why was I friends
with these assholes?
Yo, Linda, what's up?
Hey, do I know you?
Oh, um,
let's just say we knew
each other in another life.
- Sick.
- Yeah.
Do you know that guy,
he's got the long hair,
- kinda tall.
- Yes. Uh-huh.
Yeah, Gabriel.
He's an angel.
- He's fucking hot.
- Yeah.
I'm going to go
sit on his face.
That will
really confuse him.
Is Jeff here?
Oh, no.
But we got some
mushroom chocolates, dude.
You want a nibble?
- Ooh, chocolate.
- Let's go.
Thanks.
Tastes funky.
- Can I have another one?
- Sure.
Go off, king.
Mmm.
Elena?
What are you doing here?
I am currently serving
some salmon crostini.
Happy birthday.
- Thanks. But what's...
- I started working
for this catering company
on the side.
I didn't know it was
your address till I got
to the house.
- Oh.
- I got to get back to work.
W...
Nice dance moves,
by the way.
So, how do you know Arj?
Wow.
- I don't know if I can say.
- Oh.
Can you keep a secret?
Oh, I love secrets.
Well, I used
to be an angel.
And I switched Arj's life
- with Jeff's life.
- Oh.
But then Arj didn't
want to go back,
and that's how I lost my wings
and became human.
Oh, my God.
Are we role-playing
right now?
I want you so bad.
- No.
- Huh?
Oh. I got to go find Jeff.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
Forget about Jeff.
Tell me more secrets.
Yo. What you doing here?
You okay?
I shouldn't
be here, Leonard.
This house, this party,
it's not mine.
It's like I stole it
from someone else.
- The Native Americans?
- No, not them.
Yo, anybody got
a setup like this,
they stole it from somebody.
Hey, did you see that server
that had long hair?
- The Black girl?
- Yeah.
What, 'cause I'm Black,
you think I know where she is?
You think I can track
all the Black people
at your party?
That's not what I meant.
We went out a while ago.
She's great.
But I'm just too fancy.
It kinda pulled us apart.
You are fancy.
But you got heart.
When you saw me, I was just
some dude on the street.
And you got me an apartment.
You got me
a custom-made tuxedo.
I'm over here eating
salmon cros...
cros... crossa...
I can't even pronounce
the things I'm eating.
Maybe she just don't know
who you really are.
Hey.
Hey!
Your party kinda winded down.
Yeah, I guess it did.
- You okay?
- Yeah.
What are you doing now?
Do you want to hang out
for a minute?
I got to clean up.
It looks like
they're pretty much done.
Come on, what,
do you hate me now?
No, I don't hate you.
You know, you're
the only person here
I wanted to hang out with,
and everyone else
is finally gone.
What do you say?
You want to dance?
We still got the disco floor.
You were right.
We should've gone to Paris.
I thought I could
make a difference,
but, uh,
it was a waste of time.
That's not true.
I lost.
So what's your answer?
Give up?
You're in a huge house
with a pool
telling me not to give up,
to fight.
How can I fight
a giant corporation
when I'm fighting
just to get by?
My rent went up.
I lost my apartment. I...
I'm sleeping
in my cousin's car, Arj.
You'll never
believe me, but...
...I've been there.
Even if you have,
you're here now.
And it's beautiful.
Damn! I want to go.
I want to go
to Paris, but...
I know what's going on
on the ground down there.
And instead
of being up here
drinking the fanciest
wine you got,
I guess I'd rather
be down there...
fighting to get
more people up here,
rather than just myself.
I got to go.
Pretty Baby.
You shot me!
Oh, no, Jeff! Are you okay?
Why'd you shoot me?
You said, "Don't hesitate.
Shoot first, questions later."
I thought you were
a home invader on meth!
I said that?
You remember me?
When I brought you
that ramen and gyoza,
you remembered me!
- I knew it!
- I'm so sorry!
I'm going to call 911!
- I'm doing that now!
- You fucking asshole.
I knew it! You lied to me
and you shot me!
You're a bad man, Arj!
I can't find my phone!
Use mine!
Arj?
Jeff, are you okay?
Gabriel, call an angel
that deals with gunshots!
I have no way
to contact them,
and they usually work
in a different part of town.
I brought you
into my life,
I gave you burrata,
and then you took
everything from me.
You lied to me,
you stole all my dance moves,
and then you shot me.
I'm sorry, man.
Why'd you have a gun
in the first place?
Well, I didn't think I'd be
the one who'd get shot by it.
Statistically,
you'd be surprised.
Okay, not now.
Is that all right?
Why did you lie to me, Arj?
My life is hard.
Yours is
really easy and fun.
I couldn't go back.
But it's gone on
long enough.
Gabriel,
how do I switch back?
Well, you've told me.
If you want
to switch back
to your old life,
it should happen.
Well, why isn't it happening?
You want to go back
because you feel guilty
about Jeff,
but you still don't feel
your life, your real life,
is worth living.
You don't have hope.
Just to be clear, he does not
only have to want to go back,
which was what I thought
we've been going for
this whole time,
he has to be
psyched about it?
Yes.
Well, why would
that ever happen?
No offense.
I don't know
what else we can do.
This has been
a very stressful week.
Maybe we go back
to my house?
Technically, your house.
Our house?
For now.
Can I come?
Yes.
Like it?
Yeah.
I needed this.
It's the back and forth that
really makes the experience.
Yeah.
Shall we plunge?
What's that?
Let's go! Let's go!
You did it, two minutes!
- You did it, you did it!
- Yeah, Gabriel! Let's go!
- I'm getting in, too.
- Yep.
BY SABRINA PLAYING)
Oh, fuck,
I've been shot!
I shouldn't do this.
♪ Boys, boys, boys
Get ready for my love ♪
♪ ...in summertime love ♪
♪ Be my lover, be my baby ♪
You actually learned
to drive the Porsche?
Yeah. I mean,
I know how to drive manual.
You got to...
You got to learn.
I'll teach you.
I do. Please do.
It looks so fun.
Have a nice swim?
Martha.
Yeah, I guess.
So, now Arj wants to go back,
but he still can't.
Wow.
I gave you
the easiest assignment.
All you had to do was
give someone a nudge,
they look right at the road,
and you were done for the day.
I know.
I just thought
I could do more.
Oh, you certainly
have done more.
You've been washing dishes,
eating chicken nuggies,
smoking, drinking,
making speeches.
Oh, I've seen it all.
How do I get him to have
hope for his life?
I lived like he did,
I understand now why he didn't
have hope in the first place.
Gabriel...
sometimes a lost soul
doesn't need an angel.
It just needs
another person.
I don't understand.
I know.
But I have hope.
Hey, Gabriel!
You hungry?
- Always.
- Let's eat.
My two favorite things
since I've been a human
are dancing and tacos.
- I've been a human way longer,
still two of my favorites.
- Mine too.
Elena?
Hey. One second.
- How's it going?
- Uh, I'm good.
I'm just grabbing some tacos
with some pals. How are you?
Good. Here with
the Hardware Heaven crew.
We just had a meeting
and grabbing a bite to eat.
A meeting?
We're going
to give it another go
at organizing the store.
You are?
Yeah.
I know I was down about it,
you know, last we talked.
But I don't know, man,
I just realized
that change is difficult.
You're changing something,
you know.
And no, we won't
win right away,
but you keep fighting
and fighting
and fighting, and...
Because of that,
you eventually do.
That's what I believe.
We're going to grab
a drink after this.
Do you know
any good spots nearby?
I know one.
Hey!
I remember
where I know you from.
You broke into
the break room.
Uh, milkshake
and chicken nuggies guy.
- That's you, right?
- Yeah, that's me.
How's it going?
Good.
Whoa. Look at Gabriel go.
He's got some moves.
He really got into cumbia.
Everyone learned
to dance except me.
Gabriel.
What's wrong?
I'm a failure.
I've put you and Jeff
in a terrible situation.
It's all my fault.
What? None of that's true.
You were just trying to help.
My boss told me
I wasn't ready,
and she knew the truth.
What truth?
That I'm kind of a dum-dum.
A dum-dum?
You're not a dum-dum.
I'm a dum-dum,
and I give up.
You can't give up.
You did.
But, Gabriel, I lost my job,
I lost my apartment.
I lost my job.
I used to be
a celestial being,
and now I'm a chain-smoker.
I'm addicted to nicotine.
Yeah, but it's not over,
is it?
I mean, you came down
to show me
that my life's
worth living.
Come on, let's go.
I tried, Arj.
But it seems
you prefer to live
in a giant mansion
with a pool
to sleeping in your car
and eating protein bars.
But, Gabriel, I never
wanted all that stuff.
I just wanted enough,
enough to be comfortable,
to not feel like I was
struggling all the time.
If I go back,
will I have my car,
a job, anything?
No to all those things.
Well, that's pretty scary.
When I got fired,
I was scared, too.
I didn't know
what was going to happen.
And a lot of times,
it wasn't fun.
Sleeping in your car
wasn't fun,
being hungry wasn't fun,
washing dishes wasn't fun.
But...
I love being human.
I love dancing, I love tacos,
I love Felipe, I love Jeff.
And I love you.
If I go back,
what happens to you?
Will I ever see you again?
No.
My job would be done,
I'll be an angel again.
No more tacos.
Maybe I'll leave one out
for you, just in case.
What?
One time,
I took my dad for tacos,
and I got him this shirt
for his birthday,
and he just spilled
green sauce all over it.
Just completely ruined
the shirt, like a little kid.
And he still
wears it sometimes,
even with all the stains,
'cause I got it for him.
He doesn't know
who I am, Gabriel.
He just thinks
I'm some random rich guy
that gave him a bunch of money
and got him a house.
Why did he let you do that?
I told him he won a contest
'cause he had a cool mustache.
Oh.
- I like this, too.
- What?
Being with you, laughing.
It's one of the best parts
of being human.
It is.
I just wish
you had a different angel.
Azrael would never
have let this happen.
Who's he?
He's a great angel,
has giant wings, guides people.
He's a rock star.
I think I'd rather
have the guy that's
really into cumbia,
chicken nuggies
and psychedelics.
You're just saying that
'cause I'm right here.
Nope.
I'm saying it
'cause it's true.
You're my angel.
And you're not Azrael.
You're Gabriel.
And you know what?
I love Gabriel.
I prefer Gabriel.
And I'm not Jeff.
I'm Arj.
And things aren't
going well right now,
but I got to try.
I want to see
where it goes, as me.
As Arj.
I think
my life's worth living.
Hey, yo.
Are you okay?
Do you need
a ride somewhere?
What?
Your car got towed, right?
- Yeah.
- Okay, I got you.
Just let me know.
Thanks.
You bet.
- Hello.
- Dad?
Hey, how you doing?
I'm good.
Actually, uh,
I'm not good.
I uh... I didn't
get a new place,
and, uh, I'm still
struggling to find a job.
It's just bad out there.
A lot of people
are having a hard time,
but you're going to be okay.
I believe in you.
Thanks.
Why did you
lie before, though?
I don't know.
I guess I was embarrassed.
You're always
talking about Naveen
and how much money
he's making and...
Oh, no. Naveen is
in big trouble now.
- What?
- He's being audited
for tax evasion.
He and his friends
were a bunch of crooks.
This is going
to sound weird,
but I'm really happy
to hear that.
And, Jeff,
before we start,
you wanted to bring
something up about Foodzr?
Oh, I sure did.
We have to start treating
these delivery drivers better.
I'm talking benefits,
a definite redesign
of that rating system,
and we are going to start
paying them more,
way fucking more.
Why would we do that?
If they want to make more money,
they can just get a better job.
You know what I mean?
We can't all live
the good life.
Yeah.
But the main reason
we all have it so good
is 'cause there's
a shit ton of people
that have it bad, very bad.
And we need them
to have it bad
because it's what allows us
to have it so good.
But you know what?
There is way more of them
than there is of you.
And one day,
they're going to get pissed,
and they're going
to get organized,
and they are going
to burn down your fucking sauna
to shit in your cold plunge,
and they, in general,
are going to fuck your shit up.
So fuck these
food delivery robots,
fuck this AI bullshit.
Fuck all of that.
And here's the good news.
If you don't like
any of this,
I have the controlling stake
in this company,
so you can get fucked.
One ranch, one star, bitch.
Hey, Arj!
Don't forget
your pee bottle, bro.
♪ Do you believe
in heaven above ♪
♪ Do you believe in love ♪
♪ Don't tell a lie,
don't be false and untrue ♪
♪ It all comes back to you ♪
♪ Send me an angel ♪
♪ Right now ♪
♪ Empty dreams can
only disappoint ♪
♪ In a room
behind your smile ♪
♪ But don't give up,
don't give up ♪
♪ You can be lucky in love ♪
♪ It gets in your eyes ♪
♪ It's making you cry ♪
♪ Don't know what to do ♪
♪ You're looking for love
Calling heaven above ♪
♪ Send me an angel ♪
♪ Right now ♪